In this video I'll explain and demonstrate how to configure encrypted vse Ferebee motion.
This is a new feature that was released with these fair 6.5 and by default encrypted VM motion will
be supported and enabled across your vse fair 6.5 ESX I hosts.
And so what we're looking at right here is the documentation that breaks down this new feature.
So for Virgin machines that are encrypted like if you've encrypted the virtual disk of your virtual
machines and encrypted these for every motion is always used and is required.
But for virtual machines that you have not encrypted the virtual disk of you can choose how you want
the host to handle encrypted Wii motion.
So.
So you can choose disabled in which case encrypted Wii motion will not be used.
You can choose the default which is opportunistic and with opportunistic.
What this means is that if both the source and destination hosts support an encrypted Wii motion then
your VM will be migrated using an encrypted Wii motion.
But if one of the hosts does not support it then an unencrypted Wii Motion can still be used.
That is the case unless we explicitly choose required where virtual machines can not be Wii motioned
unless encrypted Wii motion is possible.
Now as we're migrating virtual machines with Wii motion we have to bear in mind we're moving the contents
of the virtual machines memory.
And so this content can be pretty sensitive and that's really the rationale behind creating the ability
to do an encrypted Wii motion.
So the configuration of encrypted Wii motion on a VM is actually pretty straightforward.
I'm going to Right-Click this VM go to Edit sendings and under VM options I have the option to choose
my the motion settings so I'll expand encryption and under encryption I can choose whether I want to
stick with the default which is opportunistic which will try to do an encrypted Wii motion if it's possible
but if it's not possible it will still carry out an unencrypted Wii motion or I can choose required
or disable.
So a few different options there for this particular VM.
I'm going to choose opportunistic.
I'll leave it at the defaults and go ahead and head OK.